---
layout: post
title: Unit 5 Clustering
subtitle: Clustering & Jaccard Coefficient Calculations
categories: Module3
tags: [Clustering, Machine Learning]
---
<html lang="en">

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><a href="../../../../artefacts/ML-Unit5-Wiki Activity- Clustering.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Wiki Activity-Clustering</a></td> 
        <td><a href="../../../../artefacts/ML-Unit5-Jaccard Coefficient Calculations.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Jaccard Coefficient</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>

<body>

<h2>Unit Overview</h2>
<p>Cluster analysis or clustering is the task of grouping a set of objects in such a way that objects in the same group (called a cluster) are more similar (in some sense) to each other than to those in other groups (clusters). It is the main task of exploratory data analysis and is used in many fields, including pattern recognition, image analysis, information retrieval, bioinformatics, data compression, computer graphics, and machine learning. </p>

<h2>My Learning Outcome</h2>
<p>In this unit, I learned clustering techniques and how to use them in real-world scenarios, which helped me better analyze and find valuable patterns in unstructured data.</p>

<h2>Wiki Activity: Clustering</h2>
<p>  The task was to share thoughts on the relationships based on both animations in the module wiki (available in Module Resources) and comment on the peers’ wiki posts. The consolidated document is attached to the Wiki Activity-Clustering link.</p>

<h2>Jaccard Coefficient Calculations</h2>
<p>A commonly used measure of overlap between sets A and B is the Jaccard Coefficient. A table with the pathological test results for three individuals is provided and was asked to calculate the Jaccard Coefficient in pairs. The consolidated document is attached to the Jaccard Coefficient link.
</p>

</body>
</html>
<table>
    <tr>
        <td><a href="../../../../artefacts/ML-Unit5-Wiki Activity- Clustering.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Wiki Activity-Clustering</a></td> 
        <td><a href="../../../../artefacts/ML-Unit5-Jaccard Coefficient Calculations.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Jaccard Coefficient</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>

