---
layout: post
title: Unit 12 Ontology Evaluation – Case Study
subtitle: Unit 11 Individual Reflection
categories: Module4
tags: [Individual Reflection, KRR]
---
<html lang="en">



<body>

<h2>Assignment Details</h2>

<p>It is expected that reflections will be written as you progress through the module, as listed above. The final reflective piece that you prepare, which might include components of the reflections that you have captured throughout the module is the piece which should be capped at the given word limit.</p>
<p>You have the option of presenting your reflective piece as a video recording (with subtitles) or as written text. In writing the reflective content, some people find a diary-style approach helps. You can use this Reflection Toolkit from the University of Edinburgh to get further guidance on reflection. For example, you can use Rolfe et al.'s (2001) approach. You could start by providing a brief description of the project outcomes or critical incident (WHAT), analyse and interpret the information (SO WHAT) and then decide how you can use the information and learning from it (NOW WHAT). You can find out more about the structure of your reflection below. Please note that your reflections are not seen by other students, so you are free to discuss what is relevant to your learning and the processes you have gone through.</p>
<p>If submitting a video reflection, remember that you will need to include comprehensive subtitles (in English). The video recording can consist of a series of video-logs recorded during the module, edited together to form a comprehensive video diary for final submission. Remember that this must flow as an integrated, comprehensive record of your experience on the module. If you choose to use a video format, you must also provide a transcript file and upload this into the submission portal below.</p>

<h2>Reflective Piece (This covers all learning outcomes, as well as the module aims)</h2>
<p>This should include the following, as part of professional development aspect of the module:</p>
<ul>
<li>Summary of learning outcomes.</li>
<li>Feedback from peers and tutors.</li>
<li>Professional Skills matrix and action plan (PDP).</li>
</ul>

<p>Other artefacts developed during the module should be included, such as from formative tasks and collaborative discussions. You will need to describe/show how those artefacts relate to the module learning outcomes.</p>


<table>
    <tr>
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/KRR_Module_Reflection_MurthyKanuri.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Individual Reflection</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>
</body>

</html>






