---
layout: post
title: Unit 1 Introduction to Research Methods. The Scientific Investigation and Ethics in Computing
subtitle: Unit 1 Formative Activities
categories: Module5
tags: [Activities, RMPP]
---
<html lang="en">

<body>

<h2>Reasoning Quiz</h2>


<table>
    <tr>
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP_Unit01_Reasoning Quiz.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Reasoning Quiz</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>

<h2>Collaborative Learning Discussion 1 </h2>
<p>Discussion Topic: Codes of Ethics and Professional Conduct
Pick a case study from the examples provided by the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM).

<p style="text-align: justify;">Review the application of the ethics code to the situation described and highlight the impact on any relevant legal (jurisdictional or non-jurisdictional) and social issues, as well as on the professionalism of the computing professionals involved. You should provide comparisons to the British Computer Society (BCS) Code of Conduct.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">You should demonstrate that you understand the topic covered and ensure you use references to academic literature (including journals, books, and reports). This activity will provide evidence of your personal growth and your summary post is required in your e-portfolio.</p>



<table>
    <tr>
      <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP-Unit01-InitialPost.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Initial Post</a></td> 
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP-Unit01-Peer_Response.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Peer Responses</a></td> 
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP-Unit01-SummaryPost.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Summary Post</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>

<h2>Reflective Activity 1 – Ethics in Computing in the age of Generative AI </h2>
<p>Read Correa et al. (2023) and Deckard (2023).</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">From late 2022, generative AI has taken the world by storm, and there is no field of activity that has not been impacted in some way. This is so much truer for Computer Science, which is where it all began. It is important to realise, however, that AI itself is nothing new, per se; and if the renaissance of the field after the ‘winter’ of the 1980s has been slow but constant, today there is the need of a different set of rules.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">In the Correa et al (2023) paper, the authors state that “a lot of work is taking place to define the values and ideas that should guide AI advances. A key challenge, however, lies in establishing a consensus on these values, given the diverse perspectives of various stakeholders worldwide and the abstraction of normative discourse. Researchers and policy makers need better tools to catalogue and compare AI governance documents from around the world and to identify points of divergence and commonality.”</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">After reviewing the article and reading how different countries across the world deal with the generative AI revolution, discuss your views on the subject and recommend what you think could be a suitable course of action. You should justify your stance by also reviewing any papers included in this study or other relevant literature (additional links to industry have been provided as ‘Other Resources’ to the module). Your discussion should also highlight the impact your actions would have on applicable legal, social and professional issues. Please note that there is no right or wrong answer here, this exercise is to help you evaluate the legal, social ethical and professional issues that affect computing professionals in industry.</p>

<table>
    <tr>
      <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP-Unit01-Reflective Activity 1.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Reflection</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>

