---
layout: post
title: Unit 11 Knowledge-based Technologies and Emerging Applications
subtitle: Unit 11 Modelling Assignment
categories: Module4
tags: [Modelling Assignment, KRR]
---
<html lang="en">



<body>

<h2>Assignment Details</h2>

<p>In this assignment, you are tasked with employing the Protégé software (download or web version) to construct a prototype ontology as the backbone for an AI-driven job-matching service. This service matches job seekers with suitable employment opportunities, aligning with their individual skills, experiences, and preferences.</p>
<p>Through this practical application, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Explore and critique formal approaches to knowledge representation and reasoning.</li>
<li>Assess the ontology's foundational role in AI applications.</li>
<li>Evaluate the properties and modelling techniques of the knowledge-based system you develop.</li>
</ul>

<p>Your analysis should demonstrate a deep understanding of ontology's impact on the efficacy of the AI service, highlighting its strengths and identifying any potential improvements. This hands-on experience aims to develop your proficiency in the following key areas:</p>

<ul>
<li>Critiquing the necessity and effectiveness of formal knowledge representation methods (Learning Outcome 1).</li>
<li>Conducting a critical review of your system's properties to ensure its robustness and reliability (Learning Outcome 2).</li>
<li>Appraising the ontology modelling techniques you utilise for their applicability and potential in addressing real-world problems (Learning Outcome 3).</li>
</ul>

<h2>Objectives:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop an understanding of ontology's role in enhancing AI-driven services.</li>
<li>Apply knowledge representation and reasoning principles to a practical, real-world problem.</li>
<li>Critically assess your ontology design, focusing on its efficacy and potential limitations.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Tasks:</h2>
<p>Business Context and Justification of Approach (30% Knowledge and understanding)</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide a brief overview of the job matching service, focusing on the need for efficient and accurate matching between job seekers and opportunities, and justify ontology and AI to improve job matching services.</li>
<li>Explain how this approach can lead to more effective and personalised job searches.</li>
<li>Describe your ontology design decisions for the job matching service, including the structure, classes, and relationships.</li>
<li>Justify these choices in the context of the service’s objectives.</li>
  </ul>
<p>Analysis of Outputs with Evidence of Testing (30% Application of knowledge and Understanding)</p>
  <ul>
<li>Present and analyse the outputs generated by your ontology in Protégé.</li>
<li>Provide evidence of testing and discuss how the ontology supports the job-matching process (Application of knowledge and Understanding).</li>
<li>Demonstrate how the ontology-based approach can be applied to the job-matching problem.</li>
<li>Discuss its scalability and adaptability to different job sectors and candidate profiles.</li>
    </ul>
<p>Structure and Present the Report (30% Structure and Presentation, as detailed in the assessment guidance)</p>
    <ul>
<li>The report should be well-written, clearly structured, and thoroughly proofread.</li>
<li>Your code should be commented on and well-structured.</li>
      </ul>
<p>Demonstrate knowledge of sources in line with institutional guidelines (10% Academic Integrity)</p>
      <ul>
<li>Ensure all citations and references are formatted correctly according to the university guidelines.</li>
</ul>
<table>
    <tr>
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/KRR-Unit11-ModellingAssignment.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Modelling Assignment</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>
</body>

</html>





