---
layout: post
title: Unit 8 Understanding Natural Language Processing (NLP)
subtitle: Unit 8 e-Portfolio Element, Module Wiki
categories: Module6
tags: [e-Portfolio,Module Wiki,IA]
---
<html lang="en">

<body>

<h2>Collaborative Discussion 2: Agent Communication Languages </h2>

<h3>Discussion Topic: Agent Communication Languages</h3>
  
<p>Discuss what has led to the rise of agent-based systems and the benefits that this approach can offer to organisations. Discussion should include at least three references.</p>

<h3>Learning Outcomes </h3>
<ul>
  <li> An understanding of the main agent models in use today and their grounding in artificial intelligence research.</li>
  <li> The knowledge and skills required to develop, deploy and evaluate the tools and techniques of intelligent systems to solve real-world problems.</li>
    <li> An understanding of contemporary research issues in the area of intelligent agent systems.</li>
</ul>



<h3>Assignment Guidance </h3>
<ul>
 <li> Your initial posting should respond to the question and be at least 200 words long.  This should be labelled as 'Initial Post'.</li>
 <li> You will then respond to at least 2 of your peers' posts in Unit 2 (each labelled as 'Peer Response').  To guide your responses, look at the guidelines for the peer review process on the Department’s homepage. Focus on the possible measures that could have been put in place in order to prevent the incidents highlighted by your peers.  Please try to limit your response posts to 200-300 words maximum, so that others may be encouraged to reflect on, and respond to your ideas.</li>
 <li> In Unit 3, you should provide a summary post based on your initial post, the feedback from your peers and the content of the three units. Please label this as ‘Summary Post’. It should be 300 words.</li>
 <li> Referencing: When you have referred to other authors thoughts, ideas and opinions in your posts, you must reference the author as you would in an academic assignment using the UoEO Harvard reference style.</li>
 <li> You will be not be assessed on your contribution to this forum throughout the module, but the tutor will post group feedback via a module announcement.</li>
 <li> This activity forms a component of your e-portfolio which you will submit in Unit 12. All e-portfolio activities are intended to demonstrate your ability and strengths through evidence and reflection.</li>
</ul>
<table>
    <tr>
      <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/IA-Unit05-Initial_Post.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Initial Post</a></td> 
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/IA-Unit05-Peer_Response.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Peer Responses</a></td> 
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/IA-Unit05-SummaryPost.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Summary Post</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>







