---
layout: post
title: Unit 7 Inferential Statistics and Hypothesis Testing
subtitle: e-Porfolio Activity
categories: Module5
tags: [Hypothesis Testing Worksheet, Summary Measures Worksheet, Literature Review, RMPP]
---
<html lang="en">



<body>



<h2>Hypothesis Testing Worksheet</h2>

<p style="text-align: justify;">Review the additional notes on Inference and then complete the Hypothesis Testing and Summary Measures worksheet in Excel or LibreOffice. The completed worksheets from units 7 and 8 should be included in your e-Portfolio. You will need to provide your interpretation of the results, based on the questions asked and from your analysis of the data. You can complete the worksheets before or after this week’s workshop.</p>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Exercise</th>
      <th>Excel Sheet</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Exercise 7.1</td>
      <td><a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP_Unit07_7.1Excercise.xlsx" target="_blank" class="button large">Access to Excel</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Exercise 7.2</td>
      <td><a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP_Unit07_7.2Excercise.xlsx" target="_blank" class="button large">Access to Excel</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Exercise 7.3</td>
      <td><a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP_Unit07_7.3Excercise.xlsx" target="_blank" class="button large">Access to Excel</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2>Collaborative Learning Discussion 2</h2>

<p style="text-align: justify;">Abi is a researcher at an institute and also a statistical programmer. Abi has received a project from a manufacturer to review the nutritional value of a new cereal, Whizzz. Having collected the necessary data, he now needs to perform the appropriate analyses and print the reports for him to send to the manufacturer. Unfortunately, the data Abi has collected seems to refute the claim that Whizzz is nutritious, and, in fact, they may indicate that Whizzz is harmful.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">Abi also realises that some other correlations could be performed that would cast Whizzz in a more favourable light. “After all,” he thinks, “I can use statistics to support either side of any issue.</p>
<li>Clearly, if Abi changed data values in this study he would be acting unethically. But is it any more ethical for him to suggest analysing correct data in a way that supports two or more different conclusions?</li>
<li>Is Abi obligated to present both the positive and the negative analyses?</li>
<li>Is Abi responsible for the use to which others put his program results?</li>
<li>If Abi does put forward both sets of results to the manufacturer, he suspects that they will publicise only the positive ones. What other courses of action has he?</li>

<p style="text-align: justify;">You should also highlight legal, social and professional impacts of any choices made. Please note that there are no right or wrong answers here and you may introduce local, as well as international, legislature in your responses.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">You should demonstrate that you understand the topic covered and ensure you use references to academic literature (including journals, books, and reports).</p>

<table>
    <tr>
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP-Unit07-Initial_Post.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Initial Post</a></td> 
      <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP-Unit07-Peer_Responses.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Peer Response</a></td> 
      <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP-Unit07-Summary_Post.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Summary Post</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>

<h2>Literature Review</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The literature review fulfils the learning outcomes where you will critically evaluate existing literature, research design and methodology for your chosen topic and so produce a literature review on this topic.</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;"> You will have selected the topic for this task from the list provided in Unit 1. You should refer to the Guide Questions provided in Unit 2 to evaluate and refine your literature review before submission, bearing in mind the key aims of a standalone literature review (with the applicable grading criterion highlighted from the grid on the Module Resources page):</p>

<li>To provide an overview of current knowledge on the chosen topic. (Knowledge and Understanding weighted at 30%)</li>
<li>To demonstrate an awareness of relevant, current literature. (Use of Relevant sources weighted at 20%)</li>
<li>To highlight similar and contrasting views on your chosen topic. (Criticality weighted at 30%)</li>
<li>To showcase your research and writing skills. (Structure and Presentation weighted at 10%, Academic Integrity weighted at 10%)</li>

<br>

<table>
    <tr>
       <td> <a href="../../../../artefacts/RMPP_Unit07_GenderPayGap_UKTech_LiteratureReview.pdf" target="_blank" class="button large">Literature Review</a></td> 
    </tr>
</table>

</body>
</html>


